:memo: Clarify project level timezone settings (#2172)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/administration/web/configure-project.md

## General

From the first page of the project settings, `General`, you can update the project name, set the project timezone, and navigate to other project settings options on the left side of the screen.

![configure project](/images/management-console/settings-basics.png "0.7")

The project timezone affects [automated backups](../../dedicated/overview/backups.md).

> Changes on the automated backup schedule might affect your own maintenance window.

Reviewer: I don't know that this is so universally true to be worth mentioning. People might use the project timezone for such windows, but I don't think they'd go through the backup schedule. I think it'd be a query for the timezone and using that directly. That's the idea that was proposed, at least.

The project timezone doesn't affect:

- [App runtime](../../configuration/app/timezone.md).

> - [Crons](../../configuration/app/app-reference.md#crons) and their subsequent tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cron jobs](../../configuration/app/app-reference.md#crons).
```

I don't believe tasks are something that happen after crons. Cron jobs are the tasks themselves, no?

> - [System logs](../../development/logs.md), UTC is the default timezone for all logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [System logs](../../development/logs.md). UTC is the default timezone for all logs.
```

## General

> From the first page of the project settings, `General`, you can update the project name, set the timezone for the project or navigate to other project settings options on the left side of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the first page of the project settings, `General`, you can update the project name, set the project timezone, and navigate to other project settings options on the left side of the screen.
```

The whole sentence is something of a mess (with `pages` and `options` and all), but I shouldn't get into changing the whole thing yet. :speak_no_evil:

![configure project](/images/management-console/settings-basics.png "0.7")

The project timezone affects:

- Automated backups.

> - Maintenance windows.

Reviewer: These aren't on the same level. The timezone directly affects backups (which should get a link to the correct page). Maintenance windows are something you have to set up yourself and you can use the project timezone for that, if you want. But it's not the same, so I wouldn't use a list like this. Each should have more context.

Also, punctuation: https://developers.google.com/style/lists?hl=en#numbered-lettered-bulleted-lists

The project timezone doesn't affect:

- App runtime.
- System logs.

> - Crons and any subsequent tasks (like backups set through crons).

Reviewer: The benefit of a list is the structure it adds to all the information. I wouldn't have a list with the items and then the details below, since then you lose the chance to skim for the one you want. The links should be in the list rather than below. That also allows you to get rid of the sentence `App runtime and cron timezone can be configured separately` as it doesn't add any additional information.

Logs should also have a link so people can know what timezone is in effect there.

App runtime and cron timezone can be configured separately.

> For more information, see the [App runtime timezone](../../configuration/app/timezone.md) and the [Cron reference](../../configuration/app/app-reference.md#crons).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [app runtime timezone](../../configuration/app/timezone.md) and the [cron reference](../../configuration/app/app-reference.md#crons).
```

> If you subscribed to the automated backups, the backups will be scheduled between 3-5AM based on the project level timezone setting.

Reviewer: You don't subscribe to backups.

Also, list to Vale about `will`. (Although as we discussed, details about when backups happen are better on a page about backups rather than here.
